Add information about `qt_viewer` fixture (#505)
napari/docs: docs/developers/contributing/testing.md

    ...
```

(qt_viewer)=
#### `qt_viewer` and `viewer_model`

> For the test that are using only `ViewerModel` api or are only checking 
> rendering of the viewer, since `napari==0.5.4` we have implemented the `qt_viewer` [pytest fixture](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/explanation/fixtures.html).
> For the current moment, it is only for internal use and is not exported to the global scope, 
> as it is defined in `conftest.py` file. 
> 
> The `qt_viewer` fixture return the instance of {class}`~napari.qt.QtViewer` class.
> This class do not provide the same api as the {class}`~napari.ViewerModel` class, 
> but have associated {class}`~napari.ViewerModel` instance, which can be accessed by `viewer` attribute.
> Alternatively you could use `viewer_model` fixture, which return this instance of {class}`~napari.ViewerModel` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `napari==0.5.4` we have implemented the `qt_viewer` [pytest fixture](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/explanation/fixtures.html) which can be used for tests that are only using the `ViewerModel` api or are only checking rendering of the viewer. 
For the current moment, it is only for internal use and is not exported to the global scope, 
as it is defined in `conftest.py` file. 

The `qt_viewer` fixture returns the instance of the {class}`~napari.qt.QtViewer` class.
This class does not provide the same api as the {class}`~napari.ViewerModel` class, 
but has an associated {class}`~napari.ViewerModel` instance, which can be accessed by the `viewer` attribute.
Alternatively, you could use the `viewer_model` fixture, which returns this instance of {class}`~napari.ViewerModel` class.
```

```python
def test_something(qt_viewer):
    qt_viewer.viewer.add_image(np.random.random((10, 10)))
    assert len(viewer.layers) == 1
    assert viewer.layers[0].name == 'Image'
```

or 

```python
def test_something(qt_viewer, viewer_model):
    viewer_model.add_image(np.random.random((10, 10)))
    assert len(viewer.layers) == 1
    assert viewer.layers[0].name == 'Image'
```

> The `qt_viewer` fixture take care about proper teardown of all qt widgets related to the viewer.
> If you need to adjust the QtViewer for a given [test file](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/how-to/fixtures.html#override-a-fixture-on-a-test-module-level) you can use `qt_viewer_` fixture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `qt_viewer` fixture takes care of proper teardown of all qt widgets related to the viewer.
If you need to adjust the QtViewer for a given [test file](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/how-to/fixtures.html#override-a-fixture-on-a-test-module-level) you can use the `qt_viewer_` fixture.
```

```python
@pytest.fixture
def qt_viewer(qt_viewer_):
    # in this file we need to have added data and 3d view for all tests in file
    qt_viewer_.viewer.add_image(np.random.random((5, 10, 10)))
    qt_viewer_.viewer.dims.ndisplay = 3
    return qt_viewer_
```

or 

```python
@pytest.fixture
def qt_viewer(qt_viewer_):
    # Make bigger viewer for all tests in file
    qt_viewer_.setGeometry(0, 0, 1000, 1000)
    return qt_viewer_
```

(make_napari_viewer)=
#### `make_napari_viewer`

> For more complex test cases where we need to test fully application behaviour 
> (for example using `viewer.window` API) we can use `make_napari_viewer` [pytest fixture](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/explanation/fixtures.html).
> However, the creating and teardown of the whole viewer is more fragile and slower than using just `qt_viewer` fixture.
> This fixture is available globally and to all tests in the same environment that `napari`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more complex test cases where we need to fully test application behaviour 
(for example, using the `viewer.window` API) we can use `make_napari_viewer` [pytest fixture](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/explanation/fixtures.html).
However, the creating and teardown of the whole viewer is more fragile and slower than using just the `qt_viewer` fixture.
This fixture is available globally and to all tests in the same environment that `napari`
```
